the Predators ignore each other there's
only one victim here
the millions of tasty little fish
they've been stalking for so long
you
young gannets joined the frenzy in just
six months they'd become superb aerial
hunters
time after time the dolphins round up
another show for destruction
frantically the little fish tried to get
away from the seething surface of the
water to dive beyond the range of the
gannets now something truly astonishing
happens
diving takes the gannets down to ten
meters then the aerial squadrons become
shoals of swimmers as they pursue the
fish down to 20 meters
sardines join with the Predators in a
beautiful yet macabre underwater ballet
there's little chance of escape for
these fish
the stage is set for the biggest
predator of all
the brooders whale takes in 10,000 fish
in one giant mouthful
but this time around there are plenty of
sardines for all
you